yeah
one of those days where the
humidity so hot that the air is
sweating it's about 20 degrees
above room temperature every
time I glanced at their ever i'm
thinking i sure would like to go
down here enjoy some of that
cold water there's no rest for
the weary especially for
frontiersman Colbert who
single-handedly building a cabin
in the middle of the Georgia
swamps I think that work
this is going to be the handrail
on the porch nice pretty piece
of driftwood whether the
heartwood of an old twisted
surface tree
I've got it started getting
foundation I've got something to
build on
all of this is a result of
months of rebuilding to get the
mainframe up in a few weeks to
get the roof on and get the port
started I like building where I
take the material that I find
that I have an interest in and
try to figure out where it best
fits this is bent from about
right here on rather than
straighten it out i'm going to
take advantage of that curve
right here at a fascinating .
every tree in the forest is a
little bit bent a little bit
crooked so if the cabin is a
little bit crooked a little bit
vent
it'll fit right in I've got
together a lot more materials to
finish my cabin part of what
I'll get will be in the forest
but i'll still have to buy some
of the materials
yeah
with the need for building
supplies on his mind whoa that's
a really big beaver frontiersman
Colbert counts on transforming a
catch in the currency the last
many weeks I've been doing a
combination of building and
collecting a lot of first just
one is easy as it looks
he's got a nice built that all
that up to bring a good price
the money I get from it will be
invested in supplies to rebuild
my cabin
it's a challenge rebuilding your
life when some disaster happens
but it gives you an opportunity
to redo it again maybe a little
better a little different
the quest for beaver pelts
another animal fur helped fuel
the North American economy and
further expansion into the new
world in the search for
untouched hunting grounds today
some eighty percent of furs come
from animals raised on fur farms
it's a 40 billion dollar
industry worldwide
what I've done is cleaned off
all the meeting tissue so that
the weather will dry thoroughly
it's a really nice fur that the
next step so this doesn't dry
all wrinkled up and stretch it
on this board this belt right
here is for somewhere between 8
and 15 times the price of a
record help
so just from a practical
standpoint that makes them
really efficient catch so that's
finished I'd it'll dry out look
like cardboard as you bring top
money for the / industry